improve handling of spacing in MakeLinkTarget  and use \latelua as whatsits (#2075)
latex3/latex2e: base/changes.txt

not part of the distribution.
================================================================================

2026-05-06  Ulrike Fischer  <Ulrike.Fischer@latex-project.org>

> 	* ltmeta.dtx: improve spacing behaviour of \MakeLinkTarget (gh/2070)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* ltmeta.dtx: improve spacing behavior of \MakeLinkTarget by providing
	and applying \SaveLastSkip and \RestoreLastSkip (gh/2070)
```
